
Proposal:Understanding the Effect of Fitness on Sleep and Caloric Burn

datasets were generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 03.12.2016-05.12.2016.  Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity :https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/arashnic/fitbit "On this website address there are 18 files generated from Fitbit in the Fitabase Data 4.12.16-5.12.16 dataset. I chose three files related to my research questions: dailyActivity_merged.csv (111.29 kB), dailyCalories_merged.csv (25.13 kB), and sleepDay_merged.csv (18.1 kB). For convenience, I changed the file names to dailyActivity.cvs and dailyCalories.cvs and sleepDay.csv "

The first question is: Is there a meaningful relationship between the steps taken and distance tracked, and the time spent sleeping and being in bed? In order to answer this question, we will be examining the correlation between the steps taken, distance tracked, and time spent sleeping and in bed. This will give us an understanding of how closely these variables are related, and if there is a significant relationship between them.

The second question is: Is the number of calories burned related to the distance traveled or the number of steps taken? This question is important because it will help us determine which of these two variables has a greater impact on caloric burn. By examining the correlation between the number of calories burned and the number of steps taken or the distance traveled, we can gain a better understanding of the relationship between these variables and the impact they have on caloric burn.

third "I also want to know if there is a relationship between  calories burned and the time spent sleeping. As I want to demonstrate my ability to use chi-square statistics, I categorized my data using standard indicators." 

In conclusion, our focus on these two critical questions will give us a better understanding of the relationship between fitness and sleep time, as well as fitness and caloric burn. This information will help us make informed decisions about how to optimize our fitness routine to improve our overall health and well-being.

this assignment consists of : 
data loading ,
data cleaning ,
data wrangling ,
data inspection ,
assumption ,
statistics part ,
argements ,
visualisation ,
interactive plots ,
dashboard
